Buffer Overflow Walkthrough
In this section, we’ll analyze a
simple vulnerable application
that does not perform proper
sanitization of user input.
We’ll analyze the application’s
source code
and discover that by passing a
specifically crafted argument,
we’ll be able to copy our controlled input
string to a smaller-sized stack buffer,
eventually overflowing its limits.
This overflow will corrupt
data on the stack,
finally leading to a
return address overwrite
and complete control
over the EIP register
Gaining control of EIP is the first step
in creating a successful buffer overflow.
In this module, we’ll focus
on controlling EIP
and in further modules,
we’ll explain how to leverage
this into arbitrary code execution.